scientists thought that
chameleons change color by
changing the pigment in their
skin
not sure how they actually
change color is far more complex
basically they have these nano
salt crystals within their skin
cells and those crystals refract
light
yeah
so how a chameleon actually
changes color is by tuning or
actually physically changing how
close those salt crystals are to
each other
those crystals refract a
different wavelength which makes
them appear as though they're
changing from green to blue to
red to one that's cool
without larger scavengers to
help them out vultures have to
go for the softest part of the
carcass first life
the eyeballs and the button